“My parents danced together, her head on his chest. Both had their eyes closed. They seemed so perfectly content. If you can find someone like that, someone who you can hold and close your eyes to the world with, then you're lucky. Even if it only lasts for a minute or a day. The image of them gently swaying to the music is how I picture love in my mind even after all these years.” 
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind

“The Wheel of Time turns, and Ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again.” 
― Robert Jordan

“If you must belittle others to make yourself feel better, then you should do silently, in your own mind, where only you will suffer from your poison.” 
― Kel Kade, Reign of Madness

“The best ending is a true beginning. Honest despair is the beginning of hope.”
“The important thing is not the speed, it’s the direction.”
― Revolutionary Love

“What is better - to be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?”
―  Paarthurnax (Skyrim)

"Pride. It is the most insidious of emotions. It is good until it is bad. And then it is more dangerous than all the others combined."
― World of Warcraft (Adapted)

"With that hand, gouge out your eye and tear off your flesh. Until you strangle your own neck, you mustn't become weak."
― Money Flower

“If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.” 
― Niccolò Machiavelli (The Prince)

“Maybe, the stars that meet each other for that brief moment… can be happy… because of their memories of that moment, right? Humans’ memories are such strange things… Things that have come to an end become forgotten… but incomplete things are remembered for a long, long time. Which one is a sweeter fate: Being a person who gets a happy ending… and soon grows accustomed to it? Or being a person whose love ended in failure… and longs for what could have been for the rest of his life? Or rather… which of the two… is more tragic?” 
― Miss Hammurabi

“I’m sure that this very moment is a happy ending. But the hope and despair that life gives you is that time keeps flowing and the moment passes.” 
― The Legend of the Blue Sea

“If you don’t want to lose to people who don’t harbor regrets or blame themselves… you mustn’t get worked up… or give up. You have to fight with a happy and gleeful attitude. The side who is happiest is the one that wins in the end.” 
― Miss Hammurabi

“Genuine sins can’t be atoned for.” 
― Ban (Seven Deadly Sins)

“I… have always been sincere. I always tried my best. I’ve tried so hard. Why do I always have to be sorry?  Why am I always apologizing? ” 
― Go Back Couple

“I thought I rescued her from the high castle, but it turns out I was the dragon.” 
― Encounter (Adapted)

“If I can have my piece of happiness, I think it’s you.” 
― Beauty Inside

“You’re the kind of person who thinks it’s polite to be an idiot.”
― Liar Game

“You said that a person who likes sweet things wants to be happy, right? If there is any happiness left for me, I will give it all to you.” 
― Fated to love you

“Auroria, birthplace of magic.
Mortal souls transformed
With unthinkable consequence
Blessing and damning the world.
Sin, hellspawn, pirates divide
Those who Nui once united.” 
― Archeage

“There’s an invisible line between individuals. It’s like a border line between two countries. As long as you don’t cross the line, everyone will be safe. When that line comes into view, you see it clearly, but can’t hold back. So you cross, quietly, with a tiny movement or a simple word. In this way, you end the peace and start a war. ” 
― Moonshine and Valentine

“She believes her destiny is to build a better world, for everyone. If you believed that... if you truly believed it, wouldn’t you kill whoever stood between you and paradise?” 
― Tyrion Lannister (GoT)

“But I guess… I haven’t lived an honest life. There was no miracle.” 
― The Secret Life of My Secretary 

“Wanting to see the sea
   And somebody to love me
   Even monsters
   Have a heart” 
― A silent voice

“I… don’t have any regrets. I’m sad. My heart is torn apart. But that is my fate. It was me. I’m the one he came across. I’m grateful.” 
― Angel’s Last Mission: Love

“I wish that the happiest moment of your life is yet to come.” 
― Chicago Typewriter

“She is like the perfect mix of sexual liberation and elegance.” 
― Comment (AsianBoss)

“Despair has a different effect than fear. Fear is paralyzing and activates your fight or flight instincts while sending your heartbeat in a fury. Despair on the other hand is very heavy, it’s a sinking sadness with its own lingering after-taste. Devoid of hope.” 
― What We Can Learn From Korean Horror

"This place is not only a prison but a fence for Jang Man Wol. She'll be safe if she doesn't escape.” 
― Hotel del Luna

“Anything that makes your heart race is beautiful.” 
― Solo Leveling

“In our next life… Let’s have a fate where our wait is short and our meetings are long.” 
― Goblin

“If the skies ask me if I had lived a happy life, this is what I'll say. I'll say I was happy to have met all of you. If the skies console me for having gone through so much, pat me on the shoulders and tell me that I lived a good life, I'll ask them for a favor. I'll ask them to allow me to be with you guys even in my next life.” 
― Chicago Typewriter

“To an awfully mean God’s question, you gave an awfully sad answer.” 
― Goblin

“Even later on, don’t ever regret it. That I understood everything you meant, make sure to remember that.” 
― Marriage Contract

“나는 수근이가 참 훌륭하다고 생각해… 왜냐하면 수근이는 항상웃잖아. 근데 수근이는 되게 슬픈 아이야. 수근이는 항상 우리를 위해서 웃는 것 같아.”

―  이상민 (Knowing Bros)

“-I think that having even one is enough, a friend in your life. That’s how I think.
-What about love? What do you think about love? For me, I think that loving someone once in life would be enough.
-Yes. I think like that, too. In life, loving someone once… would be plenty.” 
― Because This Is My First Life

“사람이 온다는 건
실은 어마어마한 일이다.
그는
그의 과거와 현재와
그리고
그의 미래와 함께 오기 때문이다.
한 사람의 일생이 오기 때문이다.
부서지기 쉬운
그래서 부서지기도 했을
마음이 오는 것이다―그 갈피를
아마 바람은 더듬어볼 수 있을
마음,
내 마음이 그런 바람을 흉내낸다면
필경 환대가 될 것이다.” 
― 방문객 (정현종)

“Marriage is… even if you hate them, just once more turning around to look back at them.” 
― Because This Is My First Life

“Even when she was pulling the trigger, she was so sorry and grateful for you. So much that she kept looking back when she passed the river of oblivion.” 
― Chicago Typewriter

“A patient needs a doctor who’s afraid of himself… rather than one who isn’t.” 
― Doctor John

“But certain dreams can’t be done again. Someone will eventually wake you up.” 
― My Mowgli Boy

“Oooh, you’re that nasty kind of adorable.” 
― Kenan Thompson

“I forgot about him for a while. I forgot to be sad for him… so that’s why he’s not visiting me in my dreams anymore.” 
― Come Back Ahjussi

“In this world, there are no towering trees that reach the sky.” 
― My Mowgli Boy

“The classical answer is that an angel's will doesn't unfold across time, but rather gathers itself and defines itself in one definitive act. Thus, repentance is not possible for a fallen angel.” 
― Bishop Robert Barron

“Fate is not fair, but it is just. Hard work is never in vain… even when it does not achieve what you wished.” 
― Unsouled

“Both you and I are privileged people, how come our lives are defective like this?” 
― Secret Garden

“The worst kind of man in the world is a man who makes a woman feel shabby.” 
― Tomorrow With You

“Sometimes I think we are only as strong as our biggest secrets.” 
― Old dude(REACT)

“Your attainment has greatly exceeded my understanding.” 
― Reverend Insanity

“I suppose every civilization has its  Doryani, its Malachai. Men of divine talent and demented ambition. Without them, history would be a far less ‘interesting’ place.” 
― Path of Exile(Siosa)

“The only thing that’s been troubling me is… that no one is happy except for us.” 
― Memories of the Alhambra

“I only imagine with the amount of trust I have in you.” 
― Kill Me Heal Me

“How pathetic you are. You’ve sinned by laughing once, and now you can never laugh again.” 
― The King: Eternal Monarch

“It very much sounds as though you want to score points against someone who is supposed to be on your team.” 
― Reddit(Comment)

“Ah... if I split up with him, I would live the rest of my life longing for him. I knew that… I would keep him in a small corner of my heart and long intensely for him, this person.” 
― Because This is my First Life

“Perhaps some day in the future… Your name shall be carved in the church of knowledge, and if my name were to appear in the introduction, I’d have no regrets in my life...” 
― The Warlock of the Magus World

“Morality is an accessory, not an appendage.” 
― Comment

“Don’t forget, sometimes you become the instrument of karma.” 
― Comment

“‘Can you see the future?’ ‘Better, I can see the present!’” 
― Soulsmith, Will Wight

“Even if one day they put poison in my mouth, I’d rather just eat it and die than have to check it.” 
― Flower of Evil

“Precious is different from important. After time passes, important things become less important, but when something precious leaves, it really hurts.” 
― Flower of Evil

“I understand that you are proud of what should be your greatest shame.” 
― The Mountains Rise

“In the end, I know he’ll make sure you don’t regret it.” 
― RAG

“I was told that if you can’t save yourself, there is no salvation.” 
― Tale of the Nine-Tailed

“No matter how old you get, there is always something new to learn. If you think of it as a regret, that's the end of it. But when you think of it as a lesson learned, it brings a new beginning.” 
― 18 Again

“Thinking back, endless happiness was always in our lives. Anyone can find it and enjoy it. It's a common luxury all of us can have. For that happiness, we decided to love our decisions.” 
― 18 Again

“Every time a dream comes true, I’ll remember you.” 
― LiSA - Homura

“I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made.” 
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“It's my fault for being born on a day she doesn't know.” 
― Song Jaerim

“Of all evil I deem you capable: Therefore I want good from you. Verily, I have often laughed at the weaklings who thought themselves good because they had no claws.” 
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Progress, over perfection.” 
― Supreme Magus

“The burned hand teaches best.” 
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“I've been searching for you since your past-past-past life
I came in pursuit of that clumsy way of laughing
Even when you completely disappear and all of you is torn into pieces
I won't be lost anymore, and I'll start searching for you from the beginning again
Or rather we can start a world from zero” 
― Zen Zen Zense - RADWIMPS

“Everything till yesterday was a prologue, it’s fine if you skip it as you read through: this is me from here on out.” 
― Sparkle

“To him she seemed so beautiful, so seductive, so different from ordinary people, that he could not understand why no one was as disturbed as he by the clicking of her heels on the paving stones, why no one else's heart was wild with the breeze stirred by the sighs of her veils, why everyone did not go mad with the movements of her braid, the flight of her hands, the gold of her laughter.” 
― Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera

“‘I was wrong. I always hope I’m wrong. I hope you guys are right.’ 
‘But we’re always wrong and you’re right.’
‘A vain hope is still hope. A vain love is still love.’” 
― Doom at Your Service

“보려고 보는 건 아닌데. 잠깐 봅시다...” 
― Namgoong Min

“Your skin must be thick! Often, you feel like you’ve embarrassed yourself, you feel awkward, but… who cares about how you feel? Don’t be so narcissistic!” 
― The Legendary Mechanic

“Not unlike anyone else there… leaving without being followed.” 
― Screened (500 days)

“You saw me wrong, God. If you thought that for something so insignificant, I would give up and abandon, or thought that I would yield, you are mistaken. Throw at me however much you want. I will never despair, become sad or surrender.” 
― Uncontrollably Fond

“This is how wisdom works. It's not about always being ten steps ahead or having an ace in the hole. Those things help, but what really matters is what you do with the opportunities you are given.” 
― Supreme Magus

“I like you more than I like being in a relationship.” 
― Comment

“Silence was only awkward when there was no meaning in each others’ eyes.” 
― Dungeon Defense

“I may have dreamed a beautiful dream, but I was unable to live a beautiful life.” 
― Dungeon Defense

“We are just… rest stops they dwell within… in their long, long lives.” 
― Goblin

“I told you 4 was the answer to problem #17, but you still wrote down 2. No matter how much I solved it, it turned out to be 2. Even though I knew the correct answer. So I couldn't write down 4. That was a problem I couldn't solve. No. You solved it very well. In your life, only your decisions are the correct answer.” 
― Goblin

“This is a trap a lot of people fall into. We love someone, but we'd love them even more if they'd _____.” 
― Reddit Comment

“Now that I think about it, it was a perfect day. When I woke up, I was in his embrace. I made the fried egg perfectly, too. It was a satisfactory live broadcast. All of those perfections must have been to lead me to this moment. So, I won't be late. It wouldn't have worked if I was late for a minute or second. This was my destiny.” 
― Goblin

“No matter what others say, we share the same fate now.” 
― One Spring Night

“In my previous life, I ruminated on Heaven and Hell, and the likelihood of my experiencing one, the other, or something in between. As terrible as I imagined the torpor of Heaven or the torments of Hell to be, this was entirely different from either. In Hell, at least, there would surely be a tormentor, some memory of my deeds, some sense of justice, even if my soul rejected its logic. I can imagine some comfort in Hell, for a mind such as mine. I do not think this is a punishment. I do not think it is caused. I deeply suspect it is simply our condition, our nature to go on this way, do you see? In all that time, I was certainly, absolutely, totally alone, and before long all memory of life had shriveled to a cinder, lost beneath my interminable anguish. Alive again, I suspect I cannot quite recall the worst of it - as if my living brain is too small for the experience.” 
― SCP-2718

“She has started living behind my eyes.” 
― I’ll go to you when the weather is nice

“But now, I don’t think I can see you ever again. I wouldn’t be allowed into heaven where you are. I’m sorry.” 
― The Secret Life of My Secretary

“I don't care if heaven won't take me back
I'll throw away my faith, babe, just to keep you safe
Don't you know you're everything I have?” 
― Angel With A Shotgun - The Cab 

“Someone said that lies can make the world more beautiful. It’s like an anesthetic, letting you live in a fantasy, staying far away from the cruel world. So that when the truth does come, you can only resent it. Why doesn’t he lie? Why must he let me know? Because sometimes living in a world filled with lies, one can be more blissful.” 
― Moonshine and Valentine

“Men die, and their children forget. But we are everlasting. To us, then is as now.” 
― Midgardsormr - FFXIV